PBM-1007 Support of selective backup for sharded collections (#91)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/features/selective-backup.md

3.	Restore certain databases and / or collections from a full backup
4.	Make a point-in time recovery for the specified databases / collections.

## Sharded collections

!!! admonition "Version added: [2.1.0](../release-notes/2.1.0.md)"

You can back up and restore sharded collections. During backup, `pbm-agents` on each shard save the documents for the specified databases/collections and the oplog for the whole data set. A `pbm-agent` on the config server replica set saves the metadata documents from the `config` database that refer to the specified namespaces.

> During the restore, the reverse process occurs: a `pbm-agent` on each shard restores its saved subset of documents plus the oplog that relates to the specified namespaces. On the config server replica set, the `pbm-agent` restores the documents that refer to the restored namespaces by either updating the existing documents or inserting non-existing ones. The exception is the `config.chunks` collection - the `pbm-agent` first removes the information about chunks for selected namespaces and then updates this collection with the data from the backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the restore, the reverse process occurs:
- a `pbm-agent` on each shard restores only the selected collections and replays the oplog but only for the selected collections. Ops for other namespaces are not replayed.
- on the config server replica set, the `pbm-agent` restores the router configuration for only selected shared collections. Other router configurations for existing databases, collections, and chunks are not modified.

Restore for sharded timeseries is not supported.
```

> Note that selective backups and restores operate only with data, the cluster configuration is not restored. Therefore, we recommended to restore the databases/collections on the same environment.

Reviewer: I do not understand it. Do you mean we restore databases, collections, and router config but do not restore cluster/topology related settings?

Reviewer: Please, rephrase your note in the doc. It's not clear. For example, in a similar form as I asked you

### Implementation specifics

> During the selective restore, the cluster topology is restored to the state it had when the backup was made. This means if shard A was the primary one during backup, it will be restored as the primary even if you moved the primary to B before the restore. All non sharded collections will be restored on A; however, they will not be deleted from B. You must take needed actions (cleanup or move the primary back to B) to maintain them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the selective restore, the primary shards for selected databases are set to the shards that were in backup time. This means if shard A was the primary shard for a database during backup, it will be set as the primary shard for the database even if you moved the database (changed primary shard) to B between the backup and the restore time. All non-sharded collections will be restored on A; however, they will not be deleted from B. `pbm-agent` drops collections on a shard only when it restores the collections on the shard. You'll need to take the necessary actions (cleanup or move the primary back to B) to maintain them. 
```

## Known limitations of selective backups and restores

1. Only **logical** backups and restores are supported.
2. Selective backups and restores are supported in sharded clusters for non-sharded collections starting with version 2.0.3. Sharded collections are supported starting with version 2.1.0. Sharded timeseries collections are not supported.
3. Multiple namespaces are not yet supported for selective backups. However, you can specify several namespaces for the restore (e.g., restore several collections of a database).
4. Multi-collection transactions are not yet supported for selective restore.
5. System collections in ``admin``, ``config``, and ``local`` databases cannot be backed up and restored selectively. You must make a full backup and restore to include them.
6. Point-in-time recovery slicing requires a full backup because it serves as the base for point-in-time recovery. Any selective backup will be ignored.

> 7. Point-in-time recovery is not supported for sharded collections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Selective point-in-time recovery is not supported.
```
